people love being offended and feeling
self-righteous indignation it's like if
you talk about Islam you can't make fun
of Islam because that makes you
Islamophobic which is fear of Islam okay
accurate look I don't hate Muslims I
really don't but as a group their
problem handling skills are not good
a Danish cartoonist did an offensive
cartoon all over the Middle East they
were rioting and trampling each other to
death and setting embassies on fire
don't Muslims ever just fire off an
angry email
I didn't appreciate that send
[Applause]
and during the riots during the riots I
saw some footage from Pakistan which
really hurt cuz my favorite vacation
spot and there was a group of very
pissed off on Muslims attacking a
McDonald's and they said they were
attacking it because it was American
look I understood why they were mad at
America a Danish cartoonist did
something offensive it was reprinted in
France Germany and Turkey so naturally
it's our fault
[Applause]
but they were attacking you know the
creepy Ronald that sits on the bench and
stares into the Playland
they had knocked him into the dirt and
they were stomping on him you know cuz
he's a Jew and they were staring
defiantly into the camera like we as
Americans are gonna sit home going oh no
not the shiny redheaded plastic
pedophile who sits outside the
restaurant that makes me shit three
minutes after I eat it
[Applause]
what are they gonna do next cut the clit
off the Wendy's girl
look every religion gets attacked
somehow in the media it's not acceptable
to react violently not long after those
riots Kanye West appeared on the cover
of Rolling Stone wearing a crown of
thorns and that offended and pissed off
a lot of people it didn't bother me I
knew why he was doing it like he's a
rapper they're underpaid they're martyrs
I get it but there was a lot of very
very angry Christians but they weren't
showing violence they weren't attacking
black interests you know running through
supermarkets dumping kool-aid all over
the floor
beating the shit out of 300-pound white
girls who are pissed off with their
fathers
[Applause]
I will say one thing about Islamic
terrorism it has made white people and
black people a lot happier to see each
other in the airports I do not have one
ounce of racial discomfort with black
people on a plane I don't care if I'm
the only white face it could be me in
the wu-tang clan welcome aboard fellas
granted I'm not gonna hear a word of the
in-flight movie
[Applause]
but at least I know we're gonna have a
safe hijacking free flight then once we
land they can beat the shit out of me
and take my starter jacket at baggage
claim and like as Americans we don't
want to be racist I don't want to make
Middle Eastern guys who are just living
honest lives feel uncomfortable but it's
instinctive because the attacks are
being carried out by civilians so if I
see Middle Eastern guys get on my flight
I wish I didn't but you know I look a
little low differently you know I try to
look like I'm an Air Marshal but I'm not
at all intimidating so I look like I'm
cruising them in a rest area for a while
you couldn't bring water on the flight
that is scary water all I want on a
plane is to not hit a mountain and sip
my beverage why water why couldn't they
put bombs inside a crying infant
how great would that be finally no more
those little douche bags on the plane
that's my baby fuck you lady anyone
under 5 has to be FedExed I'm not
blowing up in midair cuz your husband
didn't have the decency to pull out and
aim for your face I tell you one thing
man we really are becoming a celebrity
obsessed country and the media is just
repulsive and I'm not saying I don't get
starstruck or I don't love celebrities I
do I love them but Jesus Christ the way
they covered the Virginia Tech shooting
is the same way they covered Imus it's
the same way they covered Anna Nicole
Smith's death but we'll be okay to talk
about that now are we over it I had to
take a week off my son could you believe
it was drugs
do we need a fucking press conference
for that they should have come out an
hour later what the fuck do you think it
was it was a plane crash he died in a
plane crash her plane hit a mountain of
methamphetamines Jesus Christ that
junkie bitch they found everything in
her system what Trimspa
[Applause]
you know in the Britney Spears coverage
and she's so fucking phony and I don't
hate Britney again I started to like her
when she tried to look like me